docs: updates to make styling consistent (#36)
asyncapi/design-system: README.md

[![AsyncAPI Design System](/assets/github-repobanner-designsystem.png)](https://www.asyncapi.com)

# :deciduous_tree:Environment Setup

### :joystick:How to setup storybook locally

- Before starting the Storybook environment locally, install all the required dependencies. Run the command below to install the dependencies:

```cmd

>   npm install --save-dev

Reviewer: Try to make good indents by adding two spaces before "`" signs and also change

```
npm install --save-dev
```

to the

```
npm install
```

### :joystick: How to setup storybook locally

- Install all essential prerequisites before launching the Storybook environment locally. To install the dependencies, run the command below.:

  ```cmd
  npm install
  ```

> - Now that you've installed all of the 'node modules' in your project, you can launch the Storybook environment. To get started, type the command below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now that you've installed all of the `node modules` in your project, you can launch the Storybook environment. To get started, type the command below:
```

  ```cmd
  npm run storybook
  ```

> - By default, this will launch your local Storybook environment on port '6006'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default, this will launch your local Storybook environment on port `6006`.
```
